Therefore, the scale of the counterattack was also large.
It is believed that the US Navy, which had been training for many years, had been involved in this transport.
The US Navy is also proud of this sortie as the first major achievement of the US.
This shows how much they had expected this sortie.
As stated in the announcement, our country has been fighting more than 17 enemy ships,
and more than 11 transport ships.
As stated in the statement, our country is extremely wary of this loss.
According to the report we have obtained so far,
it is believed that the battle pattern of the time was similar to the sun.
In other words, the Navy's introduction aircraft found the US-?A Joint Fleet,
which appeared on the morning of the 7th, on the Solomon Islands,
and reported to the air force, our ship on the same side.
According to the report, our combat aircraft, which had just been launched,
had been attacking enemy ships and transport ships at high speed,
and had also launched a fierce air battle with enemy fighter aircraft,
which had hit more than 41 enemy ships.
On the 8th noon, our strike aircraft hit enemy ships,
and the enemy ship, which had just been launched,
had just been launched a fierce air battle,
which was about to fall from the bottom.
The strike was carried out, and the enemy ship, which had been running around,
had a major blow.
As soon as the strike was over,
our water-based ships approached the enemy fleet,
who would follow through with its downgraded disappeared quarters,
and did fire at them.
The inf Angela two basic and a będą had been fired.
The combo terrorism had stopped the attack and the Soviet water-based
employeeبอกу ручь Adult families cannot stay in the workforce,
and we were seriously to beались with the Soviet army to defeat them.
The enemy's force, which was far more powerful than ours,
was hit by a destructive blow
because of the strength of the enemy,
the speciality of the enemy's skills,
and the difference in our combat skills.
What was clearly shown by this battle was
the US Navy's military power was decisively weakened
In this battle, however,
although Stalin was Especially
We must finish but enemy forces areotte
We must finish virtual actions
We must finish for all.
We must finish plan